{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2509
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red16\green60\blue192;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c6667\c33333\c80000;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Terms of Service\'a0
\f1\b0\fs20 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \cb3 Welcome to Bump\'92s Terms of Service. Outlined below is the contract that governs Bump\'92s relationship with its users. Only upon agreeing to these Terms of Service can one access the services provided by Bump; continued access to Bump is contingent on following these expressed guidelines. Please take a moment to consider the following before proceeding.\'a0
\f1\fs20 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \cb3 Mission
\f1\b0\fs20 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \cb3 Our mission is to connect Grinnell students around shared passions & interests. Additionally, we aim to create a platform in which relevant information can be disseminated more effectively and useful connections can be made. Bump aims to solve the information asymmetry that plagues Grinnell College, whereby students have no means of effectively revealing their preferences to other students with aligning preferences. It also seems that students do not possess a sufficient awareness of the events and activities taking place around campus. These realities have produced a culture of under-attended events, unfulfilled interests, and missed connections. Bump is our effort to remedy this; we really hope this app will help to improve life on campus.
\f1\fs20 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \cb3 Through this platform, users are empowered to:
\f1\fs20 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Connect with students who share similar passions and interests\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Maximize free time\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Access centralized information concerning the whereabouts of events and activities\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Make practical connections that fulfill everyday needs\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	5.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Build community\'a0\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs20 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \cb3 Services
\f1\b0\fs20 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \cb3 The primary medium through which our stated mission can be realized is our Group Chat Service. Users can launch Group Chats through the Start Tab. Active Group Chats appear in the Chat Tab, where Chats are organized in chronological order. Upon their creation, Group Chats exist for a 24 hour period. To receive future notifications for an individual Group Chat, users can select \'93Follow chat\'94 in the top left hand corner of the Chat. Users who wish to mute app notifications for a period of time have the option to do so with Silence Mode, which can be accessed on the Bump Tab.
\f1\fs20 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \cb3 Terms\'a0
\f1\b0\fs20 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \cb3 Users are accountable for their activity on Bump. While we don\'92t expect malintent from our users, it is still important to note the rules on which continued access to our Services are predicated.
\f1\fs20 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \cb3 Bump does not read messages disseminated by its users; thus, we do not verify the veracity of the communications made through the app. For that reason, it is extremely important that users remain truthful and well-intentioned in their communications. Users are barred from posting content aimed at deceiving others. Furthermore, Bump will not tolerate bullying or harassment of any kind. We will work tirelessly to uphold this standard.\'a0
\f1\fs20 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \cb3 Users are encouraged to report behavior in violation of the Terms of Service.\'a0
\f1\fs20 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \cb3 To report a user:\'a0
\f1\fs20 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Select the user\'92s profile picture in the chat in which the user has violated the Terms\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Select the icon in the top right hand corner of the user\'92s pop up profile\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Describe the nature of the violation and select \'93Report User\'94 to submit\'a0\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs20 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \cb3 Failure to follow these Terms of Service may result in removal from the platform; Bump reserves the right to remove users and/or content in violation of these rules.\'a0
\f1\fs20 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \cb3 A Bump user must:\'a0
\f1\fs20 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \cb3 1. Be a current student at Grinnell College
\f1\fs20 \cb1 \

\f2\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cb3 2. Register with a Grinnell College email account\'a0
\f1\fs20 \cb1 \

\f2\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cb3 3. Select a username consistent with the name with which you would normally identify
\f1\fs20 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \cb3 Privacy
\f1\b0\fs20 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \cb3 Bump uses Google Firebase Analytics API to collect data on the app's performance. Google Firebase stores all user-generated data and content. Bump administrators will have root access to the database. Account email and passwords are stored on the Google Firebase Authentication System; Bump cannot access user passwords. Bump will never view user activity on the Group Chat Service.
\f1\fs20 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \cb3 Access\'a0
\f1\b0\fs20 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \cb3 A Bump user must:\'a0
\f1\fs20 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \cb3 1. Be a current student at Grinnell College
\f1\fs20 \cb1 \

\f2\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cb3 2. Register with a Grinnell College email account\'a0
\f1\fs20 \cb1 \

\f2\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cb3 3. Select a username consistent with the name with which you would normally identify
\f1\fs20 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \cb3 Only through a verified \'93{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://grinnell.edu/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 grinnell.edu}}\'94 account can users gain access to Bump. This is highly intentional; we aim to build a safe, intimate community, whereby users\'92 communications revealed through the app are contained exclusively within the Grinnell student body. Access to Bump does not extend to college administrators with Grinnell College email accounts; if you are not a student at Grinnell College you will be removed immediately from the app. When registering for Bump, it is crucial that your password remains confidential; as stated above, users are to be held responsible for all communications made through Bump.\'a0\'a0
\f1\fs20 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \cb3 Last But Not Least
\f1\b0\fs20 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \cb3 We reserve the right to make changes to the Terms of Service. As Bump evolves, new Terms will be released in conjunction with the release of new features. Bump will do its best to notify its users of these changes as they are implemented. In the instance that you disagree with our Terms, it is encouraged that you stop using the app and contact Bump immediately; we really appreciate your feedback and want to hear your concerns.
\f1\fs20 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \cb3 Bump is not liable for the consequences of face-to-face interactions born from the app. Likewise, Bump is not liable for the nature or consequences of user activity disseminated through the Group Chat Service.\'a0
\f1\fs20 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\fs20 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \cb3 Thank You
\f1\b0\fs20 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \cb3 Thank you for reading the Terms of Service. I hope you enjoy using Bump, and I hope that you have a good day.\'a0
\f1\fs20 \cb1 \
}